Add defaults for WPMU Search and Replace (#8652)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/guides/multisite/06-search-replace.md

</Alert>

## Defaults

> See the following Search and Replace defaults for new and existing WordPress Site Networks on Pantheon:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following Search and Replace defaults for new and existing WordPress Multisites on Pantheon:
```

> | WP Multisite Configuration      | Default Search and Replace |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| WP Multisite Configuration      | Default `search_replace` value |
```
